Hi guys, how are you? I'm also good. Today, I sent the advertising in LG main, so you can find it. Please try to find it and leave the reaction. We were like the streams, so I share my screen and show how it looks. Here, what you should do is have the scheduler with your name when your time comes. So, do you see? Yes, it contains all days. You have your hours, so yes, please. Please leave the reaction. Now, I show you my screen. If you see my screen? Yes, yes. Okay, you see that I sent the link of this chat. This chat looks like this way, so in here, you should put your login and password from CRM, which HR gave you. Trying to sign in, when you log in, this table looks like this. You should go to chat, and when you should to start stream, you put the start stream, and the camera is turned on. Where the chat will be? In our site, do you see our site? Do you know our site? Yes, we have the live board. In this window, will be you when you start chat. When was your hour? When you start in this chat, it will show your camera, and people when coming to our site understand that it is a real site, real live board, so they can write you, and you should to check through two hours. You should to check if you have the new message here. This is an old I read it to them, but when used started with stream, you also did you say that we should check it every three hours? Can please repeat that? When you have your time, two hours, you can- You can work now- not checking all time. You can work- you can to work with websites and LinkedIn to edit leads, but sometimes to open this tab and see that- Do you have new message? If no, you continue work with your task. Okay, I understand. Yes, you working with your task, but sometimes to check it if you have the new message. Okay, understood. Bridget, Cynthia, do you understand? Yes, once we click start stream, it's going to start recording us right? Yes, yes, camera, yes. Cynthia, yes, I responded. Sorry, sorry, okay, Cynthia. I didn't hear you. Firoza, are you here? Yes, yes, we come back the stream. I think you know, okay, try to give you the second part on Tuesday and Wednesday is good? Not really because it's I start from three o'clock. Okay, okay, so I change you with Hanan and Isaac. Thank you! Now, yes, I hear you. You understand? Yes, I got it. What I wanted to get is this, which means that it's going to be on video? Yes, in video. Like he said something about live video. Something there, yes, it's live video. Is it for every day, or you choose your work as why you decide to walk? No, I give you your time. You have your time is two hours on Monday from 4pm-6pm, and that's all you have one day.